After two years, the Canter Lodge
conflict comes to an end. What's next
for our world?
The
[Music]
suns asleep, their master's
dead eyes of dread.
[Music]
Hey, hey, hey.
[Applause]
Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat.
[Music]
Heat. Hey, Heat.
Hey. Hey. Hey.
[Music]
[Applause]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Applause]
Okay.
Okay. Okay.
Okay. I'm normal
pen. Okay. Let it let it play out.
What's the next song? I'm
curious on on this. Okay. Would you like
interesting? Um Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Okay. Everyone strap in for a long No.
Oh, everyone
st Everyone strap in for a long ass
stream. Everyone strap in for a long ass
stream.
We'll have some breaks just
[__]
But we're going to we're going to do it.
So,
um, let me check my [__]
thing.
Okay,
so we're going to play I was originally
going to replay chapters one and two,
but I'm I'm like
I got to get I I'm going to get spoiled
to all
[__]
So, we're we're starting from chapter
three, but Oh, let me let me release my
pills. My pills are
released. Today
is aba. Today is the fatty fluffy
stardust Dex moment and and Dex is
smelling the terrible I guess.
Okay, which it summoned. Batty said,
"Hello, world. I'm bad." Well, now Baddy
summons it.
Shared shared control, shared defeat.
Um,
yeah. Okay. So, I originally played uh
Deltaroon chapters 1 and two on a
different computer, and I only found out
today that there's no cloud save for
Delta. So, I'm like, okay.
Um, what we're going to do is uh
Stardust sent me its uh save file. I
used the Spamptonton save editor to
bring it up to speed to where I'm pretty
sure I was in my own game in terms of
like different uh conditions met and
stuff.
We're going to start from the end of
chapter 2 and I'm going to try and put
some of the I'm going to try and double
check to make sure everything's like
ship shaped before we go into chapter
3. So, uh,
excuse
me. Um,
if we spoil anything, we're sending
bombs to your house, remember? Oh, yeah.
This is true. Uh, if you spoil anything,
you will be sacrificed ritually. Oh,
Fluffy, you're projected. You best
behave. Fluffy souly sacrifice. Fluffy
souly sacrifice. Fluffy soul sacrifice.
Fluffy souly sacrifice. Sacrifice.
Fluffy sacrifice. Be kind to fluffy. Be
kind to fluffy. Okay. Okay. So, yeah,
one more time. Uh, we're going to do
chapter 3. I'm starting at the end of
chapter 2 using an edited save file to
that that I made from Stardust's file.
That should be about where I was in my
own game, but I might have to do a
couple of extra things before we go. So,
uh I will h I will not be able to stay
for the whole stream. I will have to
leave partway through chapter 3 because
I'm
still like not done with it yet. That's
all good though. I will be here for the
first the first little bit of it. Yeah.
And I'm playing chapter 4 right now, so
I'll be in and out. Oh, I need to
Hello, Queen.
Queen, my beloved.
Um, what?
Okay.
Uh. Oh, and I changed I changed my names
a
bit. Uh, do I remember the controls?
Confirm. Cancel
menu.
Okay. Oh, wait. No audio. Yeah. Let me
add that really
quickly. I show you what I have to do
here. It's
like Is this
on
this? Maybe stream audio. Let's find
out.
Yeah, stream audio. Very good.
I didn't even have sound when I started
cuz
[Music]
uh
shutt mention
[Music]
Hello. Hello, beautiful fat.
Okay. Um,
[Music]
Oh yeah, it's black.
Okay.
[Music]
Um, shout out to girl
dad. I'll probably have to replay all of
Delta again at some point,
but everything looks to be in order
here. So, let's just go to the
[Music]
uh Farewell Rousey, who's definitely the
main
[Music]
villain. Okay, now let me
Where's Woody? Relax. Relax.
[Music]
Okay. Um I think we did the jail break
thing. Yeah, that's that's all that's
all a situation.
[Music]
Um,
pretty good.
[Music]
Okay, that song sounds similar to One
Direction Heart Attack. What song?
[Music]
probably. Yeah, One Direction heart
attack
[Music]
probably. Can we get the
uh have the
egg now? I don't remember where the egg
was put. You put in the in the fridge
first, right?
Uh the first egg goes in Asgore's
fridge. The second one goes in this egg
bucket and stands. Yeah. Okay. That's
what I
thought. There we
go. That's the main thing I wanted to
come in here to do. Yeah.
Oh,
[Music]
wait.
Okay.
So, I want to go check to make sure
we've seen the Yeah. Okay.
[Music]
Oh, that's right. They don't Caddy and
Brady don't know each other in this
universe. Also, the every man in the
background is going to freak me out.
They know each other. They're uh
neighbors. They don't like each other,
right? That's right.
[Music]
Okay, so the eggs put in. We've seen the
cut scenes. I'm going to go check the
bunker really quickly. And then that
should be everything I wanted to look
at. I mean, I know that's down. That's
down. But really quickly, I'm just like
looking through. That's home. I want to
go over
[Music]
here
absolute type [__]
[Music]
Hi. Okay.
Susie was thrilled.
[Music]
Okay, so that's onion sand dealt with
dealt of room.
So, we'll go and do the
whole bunker thing just to make sure
that the cut scene went through and then
[Music]
That's right. Bathroom crew.
You know what's [__] up is every time
I hear all this this music, I just think
of
the
the Etekica playthrough of Delter cuz I
rewatched his hometown thing so many
times.
[Music]
That's a hole. Yeah,
Reetica Edica
um Etekica uh cameo in Love & Pony Step
by the
way. Okay, so Bunker is down here.
Okay. Yeah, they're
gone. Okay, I think that's everything.
So, now we just go and do the
uh do the
[Music]
old. Yeah, just do the old start chapter
3 [__]
[Music]
I I'm not going to skip dialogue like
this once we start chapter 3,
obviously. Oh, Susie.
[Music]
This part is so
sweet. This is like really bad cuz I'm
already on the verge of like crying and
it's like the part I've already
[Music]
played.
Also, I guess shout out to Stardust for
letting me edit edit your save file.
You're welcome.
[Music]
Yeah. do this whole situation.
Also, again, the main reason why I'm
doing an edited save file is cuz I
played Delta Rune on a different
computer. I didn't have a cloud save or
anything. And in my playthrough, I beat
Jevil and Nepon and got both eggs and
did a bunch of stuff. And I'm like, I I
I have a lot of work to do right now. I
and I don't want to rush through this
game, but I also don't want to deal with
spoilers. So, this this this is why this
is the way.
[Music]
These are the new ones. I'm I'm starting
from the end of chapter 2 cuz I had to
put the egg thing in.
little Sizzy.
[Music]
Huh? Huh?
Wait, I What did she just ask? I just I
forgot.
Uh, she asked uh who you want to go to
the festival with.
[Music]
Well, I don't want to go with Susie and
Noel because Noel and Sus used to go
together, right?
I mean, yeah. I answered Susie. I'm I'm
scared of Rousey,
so dot dot dot.
Wait, did she say we're going to get
locked in?
Chris, we have to get locked in.
[Music]
You gave her like the Cadence voice a
little bit. Sorry.
Whoa. We have to get locked in.
Cadence kind. This is the grocery store.
Like, okay.
Like, okay. Oh, it is so nice to see you
getting along.
We're not even getting along, Honduras.
Yeah, we totally hate each other.
This is good. Of course. This is good.
Keep going.
Mhm.
Wolf, what is this? Delta
[Music]
Rune. What? Undertale? It's a game. You
put a monsters.
Fluffy. Don't say. Don't say. Zi Zi.
Okay. Okay. The real game is starting
now. Yeah.
Let's get it.
[Music]
[Applause]
This is just like Jane remembers Dark
Knight Castle cuz it's Dark Knight
Fountain, right?
[Music]
Why would Chris do that? Are they
stupid? No, they're
not. They're in
pain. Smiles at you.
Okay, I think I'll just let the credits
play. I'm pretty sure the credits are
short for this one. So,
yeah, after chapter chapter one is the
only one that has like this
whole Al. So, this song is I I I said
this the first time I played it, but
this is such a Porter Robinson song.
Wait. True. It is. That's what I'm
saying. Oh, look. There's Porter.
Okay. Not
[Music]
really. Don't
forget. With you in the dark.
[Music]
Yo, special thanks to Font Works,
Inc. We continued. Oh, sweet time child.
Well, now we got to wait four years.
Yeah,
let's go.
[Applause]
Hey. Wow, that was a fast four years. No
the [__] it wasn't.
[Music]
Okay. Oh, darker
sea. Don't kick them.
[Music]
Do a barrel
roll. Couch is asleep, too.
Stop
sneezing. Wait, why is it sneezing?
Yeah, roast you, Taro. I want to keep
waiting here. I don't know if there's
anything that's going to happen, though.
It sneezed down here. What are
they?
Antenna. Hooves. They kind of look like
hooves. They kind of have hoove shape.
Holy [__] We're in the lo.
No.
Z.
[Music]
couch for walking. Do we know where the
egg rooms are?
Stardust, did you find the egg room for
chapter 3?
Yeah, it's um a little complicated.
Okay.
Okay, it's
gone. Will you help me with the egg? I
can help you with the egg. Yes. Thanks
for helping me with the egg. Mhm.
Me when I'm I'll let you know when you
get to the first step to finding it.
Oh my god. Sorry. My fault. You make dub
joke. It's the dust of Azriel dreamer.
Piles of Azriel's.
Oh, look at the speak of devil.
You're so mean to. So, okay. Rousey is
is like here.
That's me.
Be nice to me.
Almost. No, you didn't.
All these are
here. I'll smash my TV with a battering
ram.
Rotten tea.
Gastra.
I mean, Muppet, but like Gastra. My
phone always does that when I don't get
sick. Dead mouses.
Guest saying there's a sensual turtle 5
confirmed.
Okay.
[Music]
Sure.
Heat.
Hat. Hey. Hey.
Uh uh. What were you? What was the
yellow? What was the yellow?
Don't worry about it.
Just what, Rousey?
Huh?
Huh? Eh.
[Music]
Is that S's room? That would make a lot
of sense.
That's what I assumed when I saw it.
[Music]
Yeah.
What are these?
is when the thing in the middle reminds
me of the amalgamate.
[Music]
But never
mind. Hello
[Music]
[Applause]
I mean, we knew these things.
[Music]
Okay. Shouldn't
That's something to say to Susie.
[Music]
Wow, that was an amazing performance.
[Applause]
Mike.
Mike. Mike.
It's now time for another revelation.
What the [__]
Coming straight from your house.
Please go a while.
The king of He's groovy and never
groovy. You can't get this from an
angel.
[Music]
What the [__]
What [__] sprite is this?
He's normal.
Oh my
[Music]
[Applause]
god. Oh my god.
[Music]
[Applause]
What? I own that.
[Music]
What is happening?
[Applause]
[Music]
Down. Down.
He is a little blush. He is a little
[Music]
embarrassed. He He's shrinking. He's
fluffy.
Kill.
Kill. Killed.
Okay. The fun meter
is Wait, hold on. Fun like fun value,
right?
[Music]
Relax,
relax.
[Music]
Okay, guys.
This feels like Medaton and
uh Spant at the same time.
[Music]
I'll buy a TV dinner.
Sorry, what was
that? You are filled with the power of
undeserved fame.
[Music]
Okay,
that was the yellow thing, by the
way. And you were sliding down. Can I
just keep taking photos?
[Music]
Recursion is funny. Okay,
take a picture of the picture of of the
picture. Picture
[Music]
[Applause]
Okay, it's nice weather is
drop
[Music]
crystal
sun
moons crystal
Still
done
drop.
[Music]
Crystal, who are you? Color
rules. Is that the only thing you have
to say? [__] dance. And what do I
have to say to this thing?
Got to hit that [__]
[Music]
Mike is kind of like this universe is
Pilford.
[Applause]
Uh-huh. Let's
go. Gwen,
[Music]
what? Yeah. Can I help you,
Gwen? Hello.
All right. Like, sure.
[Music]
[Applause]
But you're saying Chris's name right
now.
[Music]
Okay.
only on this show because they weren't
blue enough for the
[Music]
[Applause]
splurfs. [__] really [__]
[Music]
scared, man. I'm dead.
down
[Music]
down P
Hi.
Okay, man. This shit's so
[Music]
cool. Oh my god.
It's cutting edge.
Okay. It's a picture of a picture again.
He's like really This is Undertale.
[Music]
This kid the this guy's like TV show is
paced the way Top Five Videos is edited.
Everyone wants to kill
him. TV is back
[Music]
gaming. I am the lost Pippen.
I can't kill the pot.
[Music]
That doesn't rhyme.
Stop. Heat.
Oh no.
[Music]
Oh, man. You get T- rank. [__] is T-Rig?
Oh, give them a free tube yogurt.
Give them a free tube yogurt.
I'm still really obsessed with Hello, I
am the Lost Pippens.
I am the angry pumpkin.
[Music]
I don't I don't think I saw that
interaction. That's really
okay. Was like very
Wait.
[Music]
Okay. I don't want to see the falling
rock. What is
[Music]
that?
Okay. I like how they all follow you.
[Music]
Why is Susie hovering
me?
[__] I wasn't paying attention.
Mr.
Generosity. I like that name for him.
[Music]
Okay, I got a Q.
You got a Q for queer. Happy Pride.
Happy
Pride.
Shut the [__] up.
[Music]
Whoa.
Okay. Pushing buddies, I
suppose. Okay.
Why did he become a cube?
Okay. Can you not do that?
That's [__] like that.
Please. Great. Croissant something
[Music]
something.
Oh,
drowning. Throw him against the wall.
Fill him with liquid. Throw him against
the wall.
[Music]
Like the joke. I'm going to kill Toby.
[__] Sorry, I probably can't say that
on YouTube. I'm not going to do that.
Actually, that was a joke. Jo joke in
Minecraft. And Minecraft did video.
Quiz
[Music]
vortex. Brand of values this Rousey.
Brand a values this Rousey at $8. What's
the true value? I'm going to freaking
throw it.
[Music]
Open your
eyes. Ta. Why are you saying that to me?
[Music]
more cues, I suppose.
Gwen, can I just say say real quick?
Yeah. I I said like I'm going to kill
Toby Fox cuz the haha plushy joke,
whatever. And literally right after I
said that, I think this is I'm I'm
assuming this is Moonlight Glow or
someone else I have friended, but I I
literally right after I say that, I get
this DM on Steam.
Wait, what?
[Music]
Have you played my game? That's got to
be That's got to be Moonlight Glow. It's
It's a Moonlight It's a Moonlight Day.
Yeah, for sure.
Hold on. I look at the profile. Changing
out. I'm I'm folding cloth and eating
cloth and folding cloth. Hold on. Uh,
can I say something? Yeah. I am the lost
pit bins.
I am the lost Pippen. I am the lost pit
bins.
Wait. Oh, never mind. I think it's just
jewels, actually.
Oh, good bit. Twist. Is Jules in stream?
I don't
know. But really cool.
Toby Fox heard heard about his You're
going to turn him into a murder mystery.
It's been part of the quiz. It's part of
the quiz. Part of the quiz. Okay. Yeah.
I'm the lost
[Music]
Pippens. The cactus upstairs. What are
you doing? What are you
[Music]
doing?
Okay, Susi can help you get points by
pulling up grass.
[Music]
It's a quiz to the death.
Pimps. Oh, memes. Where's toilets?
[__]
Uh, [__] You should have lied.
[Music]
I don't remember that.
What character is this? Is got a fire
character. This green lizard is Yoshi.
Big penguin deity. Purple dragon.
[Music]
Ridley. Oh, thanks. I think
I am the lost person. Sorry. No.
Oh,
Lancer. Stuck in a spiny sea of green.
My son. Will anyone free up poor
innocent boy?
[Music]
How did that
work? I will give you everything I
[Music]
have. There's something you can
dig. My My brain is hurting. Like, what
what is anything that's happening right
now? I love you, Lancer. You're so
awesome.
Chapter 3 is really I'm like, how do how
do I put this? Like I I can observe and
understand everything that's happening,
but I don't understand what's happening.
Yeah.
[Music]
Go get
grass. I feel like you're like as
confused as the main three right now.
Yeah, they were like mid conversation
and this [__] just happened.
Feel like it's pretty L marks the spot.
No, it doesn't.
[Music]
All right. Lancer's famous trick.
Digging.
Lancer's famous trick. That was a really
incredible thing that he just did to me.
I want Lancer to be in every video game
ever
made. What What does happen to
Oasis? Does that mean divorce is
happening? He's backstage with a
controller like everyone else. The
entire audience has a controller.
[Music]
Wait,
what? That's what I thought. They're so
mad. You dare end our season of love?
[Music]
I love to watch TV 99 times and you you
will win.
[Music]
Let me know your pose.
Today's weather is uh
Wait, are we actually watching a divorce
arc happening right now? When you made
the when you said oh divorce, I had to
keep my mouth shut. I was
like, we're literally watching the
divorce arc right now. Miles, it's
literally the the divorce fight.
Yeah, I probably should have played this
on a controller. It's a lot easier to do
this stuff
[Music]
with. I keep reading it as the weather
is always sticks together because the
way Toby Fox tends to write [__] but
he's not writing it correctly.
The weather's sticking together. All of
the weather is really cold.
Sorry, I just one derided myth in here.
Are those two single?
Okay. By the way, chapter 3 is
polyamory.
Yeah, clearly.
Weather girls are the wave. Got it.
Okay.
[Music]
Oh, I hope you like crystals because you
made yourself clear. We're through.
[Music]
Okay. Who needs their Oh, are they
nonbinary? Uh, they he Oh, hell yeah.
Yeah. Oh, red. I actually didn't know
that cuz he uses they them for for them
there, but it uses he him almost all the
other times. Oh, so I'm going with that.
Oh.
Oh,
no. No. He was the [__]
thing. No. That was like
[Music]
Ara.
Oh, yeah. A little bit. Yeah, a little
bit.
I love watching TV. I love watching TV.
[Music]
You
won. You feel like you won.
Okay.
Hey chat, if you if you liked that
scene, you're going to really love what
V Sorry.
Relax.
[Music]
So, there's something I could tell you
to do here that would avoid you having
to go back and play through the game
again? Yeah. At some point. Um, so
getting Sranks on an S rank on this
stage uh is important for some things.
Um, and to help you do that, finding the
fourth key count on this.
Okay. Is there no way to
re try the whole thing? Well, yeah.
Other than doing the just like resetting
to the whole game. I mean like going to
if your last save was before this part
then going there but otherwise but
otherwise no. Yeah. Oh that's
unfortunate cuz I did not get it. That's
where I got this.
Well don't worry though it's for bonus
stuff but I figured Quinn probably wants
to see it if she was interested in Yeah.
Fair enough.
[Music]
Yeah.
Smoking is bad for your health.
Especially when it's grown as weed
you're smoking. Yeah.
What? Wait, I'm I'm like washed at this
right now.
No, no, no.
[Music]
on a budget. You make up the coins
though. Thank you for collecting coins.
Thank you for collecting coins.
This is kind of top five videos coded if
you think about
[Music]
it. Oh, that's what you
Okay. What? Okay. What?
Okay. Is that it? Is that all that
is? Oh, okay. I was like, "Oh, is that
the thing I missed?" I All right. Really
[Music]
good. They really bad. No, they're
literally just like This is [__] Game
Grumps couch co-op let's play [__]
Really funny.
[Music]
Thank you for collecting coins.
So,
[Music]
okay. There's like straight up a room
down there, but I don't know how to get
to it.
And the last pipp
[Music]
There is a room down
there. We lost Pippas. Listen to this
song and we'll tell you where to find
the body.
[Music]
Can't do anything with
that. Something something
[Music]
cactus. like
like
do you want a hint? Yeah.
Okay. It is on the go to that that
screen. It's on this
screen thing you have to do. I would get
close enough to the
cactuses and look at them carefully. Oh,
hello.
Why does it Okay, it likes you.
Remember, I guess. So, what is this
then?
Uh, don't I don't know. Okay, that's
good.
What? I I'm going to [__] I'm just
screwed. What a what a particular
cactus.
I looked at that. Whatever. Whatever.
I'm not I'm not even upset about it. I'm
not even upset about it at all. A little
bit. I am the Lost Pippets after all.
[Music]
Enter the giant pyramid to
enter. Why is it small?
[Music]
[Applause]
Cool.
Okay.
[Music]
Huh? This is literally medicine.
A
[Music]
down. Stop.
Okay. Down.
[Music]
S P
Okay.
[Music]
Why can't I move while jumping?
It's like an old shitty arcade game.
I should probably
[Music]
Why?
I think I played this game like six
times total. This specific mini
[Music]
game
help. Why is this hard?
[Music]
I think you did better than I did to be
fair. Double.
[Music]
[Applause]
Does that Does that count? Is that good?
Yes, that's good. That's what you want.
Okay, cool. Yeah. Yo,
[Music]
the first time I completed this section,
I got a ranked and the nearest safe
point is before everything in this
section, right? Yeah, I got a rank. So
um yeah,
stop roundhouse kick dude.
[Music]
Oh, I get it.
Word.
Awesome
[__] Stop
dancing. This [__] ass dance. It's so
funny. Lancer.
answer my silly. Seriously, other
people, you look so cool
gaming. Don't worry. Meanwhile, I got a
job at the gaming factory.
What is the gaming factory? I don't
[__] know. Stop doing that face.
See you in the funny stages. Yeah, I get
it. I really love this chapter is really
good because it gave us the Lancer line.
I got a job at the gaming factory.
Really wonderful. Also the line. Hello,
I'm the lost pivons. I
am so Hello, I am the lost pivons.
Hello. What?
I saw Load Stone and I my first thought
was Loadar, but I was like, "No, that's
not the That's not the same. That's not
the one. Not
yet. Not yet.
[Music]
Wait, what am I doing?
One thing I will say about Deltin, I am
not a fan of the equip things UI. To be
fair, there is no good equip in in RPGs.
Yeah, but this one in particular is very
confusing to my brain.
probably because it's very reliant on
text and I can associate things easier
if it's like mainly
images in Fortnite when
sure. Can they put Gastra in? Can they
put Wing Gastra in Fortnite? Wing
Gastra. No, that's his name. Hello, I'm
Wing Gastra. Oh, and then he falls.
Then he says, "Oh, I'm growing." Growing
yet growing still.
Growing. Don't say I might bite that. I
bought that for
[Music]
nothing. There's Wing Gaster.
Daddy, it's okay. It's kind
[Music]
I'm Wing Gastra, the Royal Scientist.
Wait, they're gaming.
They're gaming. Yeah.
I've never never felt more
moisturized. The guy next to
her out of
here. Bless you.
[Music]
Okay.
Okay. You're a real cucumber, you know.
Not a cool one, but
they're for to me. By the way, this is
true.
We should use magnets on Tenna. Maggie.
[Music]
Well, um, not really.
Sorry. If you don't do anything, Susie's
like, "You know you're supposed to push
the buttons, right?"
Wait, if you What? If Chris doesn't do
anything, Susie's like, "You know you're
supposed to push the buttons, right?"
No. Okay, I won't do anything.
Dumb ass. Dumb ass. Dumb ass. Wait, what
if I try and win?
What if I try and
win? Can I just say
um I tried to type for my name in the
little thing where you choose your name.
I tried to type poo and it censored it.
It said like, "Uh-oh, bad word." Uh, and
I was like, "Okay, I get to poo, I
guess." And then I just put fat cuz I
was like, "All right, I guess that's
funny."
And and then, you know, Susie ended up
doing ass. So, the three names together
was just fat ass.
Fat Azriel. Fat Azriel. Fat Azriel.
Drew.
Daddy said, "Fuck."
Okay. Oh, it was chaos.
chaos
[Music]
like she's so nice. Yeah.
S
[Music]
This is like almost earthbound music.
fart
tunes. I love the brown note.
[Music]
Yes. I love
gambling. Oh, okay. Okay.
But I do love gambling.
TV
slop smiles at you. smiles at you.
[Music]
Oh, Bampton
music. [__] We'll never know.
[Music]
Guessing or
what? I know that sounds bad.
[Music]
Huh?
Sword.
[Music]
Okay, cool. Who beth? Who beth?
I really like rules card because he has
kind of the Tiberious thing where he's
has incomprehensible speech. Okay,
[Music]
leave him alone. He's just putting on
one sock and fine.
[Music]
Relax.
Sorry. It's a thrilling adventure of of
thrills and adventures. I just love that
it's implied that rules card has like
five completely different accents at the
same time.
This reminds me of the runaway five
scene
from what
[Music]
Dentist office style. Dentist office
style.
Dentist office style.
Okay.
Sorry.
[Music]
When you can't, you don't have to
control. I want to try
it. Have you ever heard of
the Nintendo Power Glove?
Oh, that also works. Yeah.
Office
[Music]
style. Huh.
Huh? That was scary.
Uhhuh.
I've not seen this cuz I didn't get
Srank. So, I'm
I'm as confused as you, Glen.
I'm the smiler.
You know, you're the knower. I'm not the
knower.
And like I'm already past this point, so
I'm fine to watch this part. Don't care
about spoilers much.
H
Why are you
green? Why are you green?
[Music]
Oh, little banger.
Hello Dex. Hello Dax.
[Music]
What if I don't want to kill the
animals?
I have really bad news. Do I have to?
Yeah.
Oh, good. I have to gain levels.
Yep.
[Music]
Don't worry. It's just a video game.
Okay.
[Music]
This is reminding me of something. It's
Yeah, I can't put my finger on it.
Why do I have two swords now?
Cuz you're twice as strong. You leveled
up.
Also, you should go back up to where you
started and go in that little cave. It's
not like necessary for anything. And
it's just a fun. I will experience. It's
just a fun.
I don't like that the music stopped.
Okay. Well, this music has a really fun
silence between loops. That's a two on
edge. It's really good. Okay, that's
really awesome, actually. That rocks.
[Music]
Intentional shitty looping for dramatic
effect. I love it.
[Music]
Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Did I miss any? I think I did.
Yeah. There we go.
noise. That's it, right? Nope.
[Music]
Oh, you should try
um attacking the cactus.
[Music]
Okay. Well, you didn't have to do that,
but
um there was that one part with the path
that was blocked off my driveway.
[Music]
I know which one you're talking about.
Yeah. Also, let me know if I'm saying
too much. I just want to make sure you
No, you're good. Okay,
I will. When's practicing her
landscaping business? Yeah,
cacti removal.
Baba, said Baba. Silence is really good.
A little bit of purple
[Music]
bird.
The high pip sound means you're not
strong enough.
You can't handle my strongest birds. I
can't handle my strong spirits.
[Music]
Oh, now you can one-shot those guys.
Mhm.
Yeah, you're becoming stronger.
Oh, well, now the music stopped.
Uhhuh. H.
[Music]
So, why did you didn't have to do that?
You already at max level.
Uh
oh. Oh, okay.
Daddy said gender fe.
This is just like what happened to car.
Yeah. Also, Gwen, I would have done like
the exact same thing. I thought that was
what you're supposed to do.
All the verant trees in Veron Paradise
are dead.
Oh.
Huh?
What?
Well,
that's that's I really thought you
instinctively started doing this like I
did.
No.
[Music]
Hey, I don't want that.
Oh my god.
Okay.
All right. Oh.
Okay. When I first experienced that, I
felt like horror, but seeing someone
else experience it is really
funny. And that's all for now.
I can't there.
Don't worry. Just answering the next
[Music]
level.
Okay. Yeah.
[Music]
I don't like that. Okay.
What? Anyway, color and friends and your
friends are waiting. Remember
it won't let me select playing games.
Oh, it wouldn't it let me select it.
I'm going to do something really funny.
I'm like not
Don't laugh. It's not funny. I'm like
not feeling well after that.
Zori.
Oh, the music is so slow.
Yeah, daddy said girl. I get
it. Got him.
[Music]
There's two cells.
Yeah,
you felt glad. I don't sell 12. No.
Well, now you feel glad cuz it's 12.
Sorry, I'm still processing
that. It's very intrusive.
Okay. No, not you, Siri.
Okay, that also very intrusive.
Okay.
Bless you. Bless you. Bless you.
This is just
like
something kind of reminds me of an elm.
I can't remember the name of it, though.
Oh, yeah.
They're so tea for tea. They're so tea
for tea.
Happy Pride. Yeah. Between Tenn's
nonsense and that [__] in the back room.
This chapter feels like a fever dream.
Yeah. Hello.
And also this. Yeah. Also this, by the
way.
Also, this by the
way, beg for mercy.
I don't know why the [__] just
like slow
reverb buster as its theme is so [__]
funny. Yeah.
[Music]
be
[__] babel.
Man, I
No, that attack is weirdly hard.
[Music]
Baby,
baby, baby.
What kind of silence?
What? What are they doing righty?
doesn't do anything in particular.
I'm often not doing anything in
particular.
I should actually be called a water
cool. BB.
I wanted to just say Bible. That would
be really funny. Bible.
[Music]
Okay. No damage that. Nice. [__] yeah.
Clean. Better than I ever did it. You're
the gamer.
Um,
[Music]
okay. Okay.
You caused a drought. Good job.
I got your machine.
That is a stock PNG. But thanks.
[Music]
I love gambling.
I love
gambling. That's nice.
[Music]
How high can you make
it? Can you just make it 100%.
You can uh if you don't never mind
[Music]
[Applause]
What was the point?
You get free
stuff. The executive buffet is actually
really
good, but that's the foods.
[Music]
I am the lost Pippens.
Well, I'm the lost Pippens.
I am the lost puppy.
Oh,
help.
You're fine.
Okay.
This surely was an Undertale, wasn't it?
[Music]
A real gamer would pay any transaction.
True.
[Music]
This guy stood by my six sides.
kind. Awesome.
[Music]
TV slop. I love Oh, dude. [__] yeah. I
love TV slop. Smelly weapon. Like sure,
I
guess. This was Gwen after playing like
the secret hidden Srank game. I hate
that game. I hate that game. Right.
Sure. Daddy said
[Music]
relax. The creatures are looking at
me in creature city.
Okay.
Ooh la la. The purple worlds. You think
they gave the
[Music]
creeps? Who are
you? Uh, they said Tisk, so like Arya
maybe.
Okay.
[Music]
Huh?
Non-glooby slime.
[Music]
[Applause]
Stop. Hold up.
[Music]
Stop.
Mhm. Okay.
Okay.
[Music]
He's fun. He sucks.
the show that will make you scream at
your screen.
I'm up and screaming on my screen.
[Applause]
[Music]
Okay, no down.
Da. Okay.
[Music]
P.
Thank you,
Toby. Mhm.
All right, Rousey, turn into a
surfboard. I could only be a
block. Many such cases.
[Music]
[Applause]
a
podium. Mhm.
[Music]
I don't like that. That makes a dot.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Oh my god.
Okay.
[Music]
Okay. What did she do?
You can now play as Susie. You can now
play as Susie. She swapped her
controller inputs. Yeah.
[Music]
You could do that, I guess.
Okay. All right. That's fine. That's
fine. that
that's I definitely didn't
like spend a while on this puzzle
without doing that, but that's like
fine.
[Music]
Smells like pepperoni.
Oh.
[Music]
Wow. Is this legal?
Oh, I see what's going on.
[Music]
Huh? Huh?
It's fun just moving around.
[Music]
[Applause]
Okay, she wants to play with the bombs.
[Music]
Oh yeah.
Oh, heat.
[Music]
What the hell?
Oh, that's why Susie is emanating a
thing cuz of the pizza.
[Music]
Fluffy, you remind me of a young pizza
dog.
Puffy, you remind me of a young pizza
[Music]
We're going to find you a lover,
Ralphie.
We're going to find you a lover.
Hey, the rainbow bridge uh is only
revealed when
The two are together. Isn't that
interesting? That the rainbow bridge.
Oh, this game that was released in
June. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow.
[Music]
Happy Pride Month to the weather people
specifically. Yep, you got
[Music]
it. Oh, pathetic wet beast down there.
Wait, what?
You got scammed.
[Music]
I'm really happy that I wasn't I felt
stupid because I did the exact same
thing.
I actually don't know what just
happened.
Uh he was like you can buy a key for 100
points and you did it. But you don't
need keys in this game. Oh that's what
that's what I thought but I was like
yeah I I also was like does okay but
I'll get that. So the food cost 400 but
when he leaves it's free. So if you buy
the Yeah. Yeah. Please buy this boy.
He's making me lose my marbles.
Can you buy my son?
[Music]
Lancer loves eating dirt. Fun fact about
him. I get
it. I'm sort of the dirt baba myself.
Okay.
[Music]
Yawn crud.
Why? Why does taking a picture give me
less points?
Who the heck was that?
Let's get the hell out of here.
[Music]
Still only one lover. I'm going to rub
it in. Jeez, dude.
[Music]
That's the wrong way. So talented. He's
so
[Music]
talented. I'm I'm drinking it.
Keep my investments short per [__] up.
I'm covered in ill gotten
games. He told me the digital currency
was
secure. I love drinking unidentified
green
liquid. Come on in. This fresh and
fruity jamboree will heal your up.
Not what it said, but Mhm.
[Music]
Start as it says a plant of spikes hides
in the forest.
Yeah.
Is that?
So go. There's a cactus somewhere.
[Music]
Somewhere in this grownup world,
there's a grownup impostor among us.
[Music]
How do I
reach? Takes photo of sad divorce.
Not yet. El cactus.
[Music]
So
beautiful. This one's going in the
scrapbook.
This one's going in the scrapbook.
[Music]
I've lost it.
See, I'm lost at
[Music]
sea. Ice.
No. I don't
[Music]
Oh, they blocked it
off. Okay.
[Music]
It's getting a little
bit dangerous.
[Music]
Hello.
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
My my my my my
my life is lost at sea. I'm lost at sea.
[Music]
No, no, no pill can save me from myself.
He's here.
[Music]
Hilford is going to appear in the next
scene. Wait, just wait for it. I believe
it.
[Music]
See, I told you Pillford was going to
appear. That is kind of Pillford.
Yeah,
I love this freak. It's the first thing
I like thought when I saw was like this
this is so pilcoated and they call it
camera thing. It's really good.
It's so like gay with
it. Yeah.
[Music]
It's a really cool gimmick in battle.
Double double double knock.
[Music]
Stop. [__]
The Chris has failed the toilet
challenge. Ah, the Chris has failed the
toilet challenge. Who been saying this?
[Music]
Lights. Camera.
Camera. Camera.
Okay. Are we still TV?
Y7. Ah, the beautiful wildlife photo of
the Suzie in her natural environment.
Destruction. Destruction. Oh, it lights
my smile. The bombs.
[Music]
Mike, add me in there
later. Broki part of the team.
[Music]
I love you, Shadow. You're great.
What are these dots? You found You found
my secret floor dots. Good job.
[Music]
Time to reunite the
gay. You're not supposed to be
[Music]
here. What?
Okay, they wanted to get they drown.
They drowned.
[Music]
Okay. Okay.
Oh,
[Music]
bye. Okay.
Hello. Poor
guy. I thought it was cool.
[Music]
A
Gasp.
The smile so neatly.
Smile so neatly. What is happening?
Full card. Get off the
[Music]
stage. Just just play.
Let me say it. Let me Let me say it. No
say the [__]
[Music]
hands.
Okay. True.
[Music]
and many other numbers etc
etc. Okay, we get it. We good. Let's go.
[Music]
Rainbow, what?
Okay, happy pride. The
the Okay, the poly expanded or
something.
You missed something, Tenna.
You missed the polycule.
Huh?
[Applause]
I hope you like rhythm games. No.
Sorry.
Okay. But Rousey's not a lighter.
I don't know if Tenna knows that.
It just sounds it's alliteration sounds
[Music]
better. Oh, shut
up. Wow. Wow. Wow.
[Music]
Don't say that.
I'm joking. I'm joking.
[Music]
Up. Wait, what? Hold
on. Okay.
Wait, that's me. You're fluffy.
You're fluffy.
Hi. Hi.
It's
[Applause]
time. I was like, "What is Larity?" Oh,
Papu. Papu Larity. LPS.
[Music]
Hey.
Thank
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Applause]
[Music]
[__]
[Applause]
Okay. Not really.
True.
A really funny bit that you can't notice
when you're doing it cuz you're paying
attention to the rhythm game is that
Rousey's changing all the lyrics about
like beating people up to like nice
things. Oh yeah. As it's going like the
subtitles are changing as you s them.
It's really cute.
[Music]
All right. Yeah. I like it cuz it's like
not even inappropriate. It's just
like kind of aggressive a little
bit.
Ah, I get it.
[Music]
Okay. Okay. Okay. Yay.
[Applause]
What? [__] stop. [__] not do that.
[Music]
Yay! What the
Turn up my kids.
I'm shrinking.
Funny whirly gigs.
[Music]
Rebuild my kids. Rebuild my kids.
And now I
want What did that mean? Honest to God,
actual Family Guy cutaway gag.
Really [__] Yeah, I have no idea.
A word from our sponsors, I
guess. Okay. And at that, this is the
farthest I've gotten. So, I need to
leave now. Okay, little bro. I think you
should leave. I think you should leave.
Oh, like Tim Bobinson. Okay, I hope
y'all have fun. We'll be fluffy.
Bye-bye, Delta Roo.
What? Doing my freaking makeup. My
freaking makeup. I knew at that actual
lie. I just like wearing clothing on
purpose.
Seriously, blue
[Music]
Chris into my
lancers.
Okay. Well, I'm spinning.
Uh,
Bro, what?
[Music]
It's time for your favorite part. Uh
Now, why would I have to
fight? Oh, two socks
now. Dustin makes me feel good. Mhm.
[Music]
Dustin, destin.
Okay. Huh.
[Music]
I'm going to be so sick. That's alphus.
This kind of sound.
[Music]
brings me back here.
here
[Music]
again. Where did I [__] leave the
boat?
[Music]
Okay, thanks for that Nice.
Wait, do I have to just be level two to
continue here?
Uh, yes.
Okay.
I'm assuming I go to the ice zone.
[Music]
Uh he's
dead. Ah.
Ah, okay. You love gaming. You
love going over
here. Okay. Nothing.
Preserve. Okay.
Got to go to the door. The map
definitely looks like something went
zoomed out. Oh, I don't want to know,
bro. I don't want to.
Oh, bro.
[Music]
Oh, that was
kill.
Follow the white
cloak. Matrix moments.
[Music]
The forbidden path began with ice magic.
Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat. Heat.
Huh?
[Music]
No, no, no, no, no. This isn't funny
anymore, guys.
Filtering funny prank. Why? Why? Why?
[Music]
Oh, why am I doing this?
You'll see.
[Music]
Oh, I get it. The halls repeat each day.
This one's a puzzle.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
I was about to say Noel's stops. That's
That's going to cause me
pain. So, stops there. Oh, okay. No, no,
no, no. So, Noel
follows. Noel f doesn't follow. Should I
be calling this thing Noel?
[Music]
I I don't know. Whatever makes you most
comfortable, I
think. cuz like it's really obviously
like a parallel at least, but it's never
like
explicitly, you
[Music]
know,
okay. Okay,
you're fine. I didn't even I figured it
out by myself. I'm
proud. Um
uh okay, okay,
okay. Daddy said why? Why? Why?
[Music]
Chris.
Okay, that's nice.
[Music]
Hey, that was really sweet.
Okay.
[Music]
Ain't Pippen's originally from Card
Castle.
[Music]
Okay.
What do you think I'm paying your
electricity bill for?
[Music]
Yeah, Rousey
Tenner. Yeah.
[Music]
Oh,
good. Is it kind of cold in here?
[Music]
waterfall
music. No, it's the
[Music]
That's that
song to Why does it look like Toriel
Sorry. Sorry. Sorry.
[Music]
Ah, heat.
Oh, wait. I'm stupid. One, two,
three. Wait. Okay. Well, it might be in
a different order,
but so it start at one
three. It's 213.
[Music]
Okay. Huh?
Oh,
what? Woo!
[Music]
Why were you speaking in parentheses?
Whispering.
What?
[Music]
Ow!
I lost to watch music videos.
[Music]
has never bothered you.
back. Dark
[Music]
fountain. No.
No. Giant guty ball.
[Music]
What?
Yeah. 12:25.
[Music]
is
Christmas and all of this is Christmas
and so is death and so is everything. So
is Noel. So is everything.
[Music]
Don't say that. Don't say trump card.
Hold
on. Hold on.
Neverble.
[Music]
Okay.
It's P
Stop. Stop.
What's up?
[Music]
[Laughter]
Oh, down.
Where is the audience? They're on fire.
[Music]
down. [__]
Oh my
god. What is all this?
Oh, you know this lunch.
[Music]
man's best
friend. Sorry about all the
types. Family's fighting again.
[Music]
But it was games time.
I don't know.
[Music]
Stop. Stop.
First on the
[Music]
piano spam.
[Applause]
I'm a
[Music]
devil. Haha, that was Oh. Ah, that was
so normal.
Are they going to divorce
[Music]
too?
Hold up.
Fresh from the juice. Fresh from the
juice. I don't remember that at all.
[Music]
Hold
down.
[Music]
[Applause]
[__] Ow.
[Music]
4:00 a.m. shock therapy sexual session.
Now is our chance to be a big
shot. It's word on it.
[Music]
green. Wait, this is really
sweet. The beautiful Ralphie horse.
Is that Woody theory right here? Relax.
[Music]
[Applause]
Wow.
[Music]
Warning.
Warning. Father forgot will give you a
new one. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Okay.
What does this all mean?
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Applause]
[Music]
Oh, it's Toriel cooking.
So lovely. She's so kind.
Oh, it's showed Asgore divorcy.
Mhm.
Watch me stars.
[Music]
Also, we're approaching the part where
you can start the thing to get me. Okay.
Just let me know what I should be doing.
Demure.
[Music]
I guess it goes like this.
Do you want to know? No, I think I know
what to do.
I said to do it right.
[Music]
Didn't I do it right?
Eric goes both ways.
[Music]
Shouldn't that be
right? Nope.
[Music]
I'm not just inverting it.
Okay, you get it. Okay. Um, also after
you get the chest, just go back into the
video game.
[Music]
What' I get? Revive me. Okay. And go
back into the game. Yeah. So turn to
Suzie, pick up the
block
and so go down
one. Toss it
there. Okay, we'll come back to that
later. Not this spec. It's another
machine like this later in the game. Um
that takes place on the other side. Oh,
I see. I understand. Yeah. I had to
backtrack and it was super annoying. So,
[Music]
Down.
[Applause]
[Music]
Okay. No.
Hello. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Good. How is this destroyed? Heat. Heat.
Star Walker.
[Music]
The lore is the door is locked by some
garbage
[Music]
mechanism. Heat. Heat.
I like Rousey's brand
here. Yeah, it's really
cute. There's some really good
animations in these chapters.
[Music]
Huh? Rivic.
A quiet and smelly
[Music]
boy. Ribick is dirtier than ever, but
that's fine.
Oh man. Oh man.
[Music]
you
again over
there. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
What is What is this? What is this?
Don't worry about it. It's even fake.
It's not even real.
Okay. You seem relieved he didn't flirt
with the water
cooler. [__]
[Music]
By the way, if you do flirt with it in
that battle, the person behind the
curtain is like, "I'm glad she's happy."
Oh, water cooler uses she her.
Oh, she is so nice. Mhm.
Hello.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
Okay. All right. Okay.
Get out.
[Music]
Browy. No, keep wearing it.
Said he's kidding. He is kidding.
Oh yeah, he really is kidding.
[Music]
Okay.
Okay. Is this gaming?
Stardust. This is
just
[Music]
I Get
out.
[Music]
I'm so confusing.
What the [__]
I have to use my big fat brain.
[Music]
My brain is not bad
enough. Get fatter.
[Music]
bad.
Uh hey.
[Music]
Oh, wait. I'm dumb as
hell. Start. This is not the next part,
right, of the thing? No. That solution
was far easier than it needed to be.
Yeah.
[Music]
Well, that's so sweet.
I love capitalism.
I love Undertime Slopp.
[Music]
Hold up.
[Applause]
Shipop
baby. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Okay.
[Applause]
[Music]
Okay. Data.
Okay. Which number is bigger?
[Music]
Hello, baby.
Hey, hey, hey.
[Music]
Hey
Hey, hey,
[Music]
Hello. Hello.
Okay. When's the next one?
Stardust. Uh, it should be shortly. I'll
I'm I'm watching so I'll tell you. Okay.
I can see why you said it would be a
pain to backtrack.
[Music]
Yeah. Okay.
Quell your mouth, dearest
bimito.
[Music]
Uh-huh.
Huh? Okay.
[Music]
Okay. As long as they're happy.
They're stronger. Okay, they have like
ability and stuff. It's really just
about having to the best
[Music]
deck
love. Those those zest who should
adoreth me and changeeth my sock and
changeth my worms and changeeth my
cereal and watchth little Lancer and
moisten his eyes and shineth light in
his mouth to see if he's sick and
shineth light in his hands to see if
they're sick and shineth light in his
mouth to see if he's sick too. My love
airs. No love hairs. It would be cool to
have more
girls card is bully. What is wrong with
this guy?
said like, "Okay,
I need we get one canon polymerous
character in Delta and it's this
guy
like that's
like like man
I That's like that's like that's like
too much for me,
[Music]
man.
Okay.
Okay. Like thanks
I have ruffles. I guess I forgot about
them until two seconds ago.
[Music]
Oh, cruzy poo.
Okay.
What? What? What do you
want? Okay.
[Music]
Okay. Okay.
Stupid ass [__]
dance. Now for my I shout to higher
people.
[Music]
Deal me in.
Okay. Don't bother lesser daddy when
he's harming your
friends. What [__] ass sentences are
these?
[Music]
Thine salary shall be most
respendant. Not a true
[Music]
capitalist. I miss Lancer.
It's fine.
[Music]
It's Chris. Susie, I'm sorry. I've
become a big cuddly ball.
[Music]
You're a little bit fired by Sole.
Pause this. Pause this for a
second. Okay.
[Music]
They're not very good at Delta and I'm a
lot better at Delta Run than they
[Music]
are.
Oh, divorce again.
caring is kind of a divorce
[Music]
game.
Okay.
[Music]
Sure. He was hot but really weird.
Yeah, you moved the laser pointer too
[Music]
fast. Star Walker,
what?
Oh, yeah. Starwalker's fully emorous. He
said, "Fuck."
What the [__]
What? You don't want to start walking
your kill?
The poly kill didn't expand. It just
exchanged hooves.
Happens.
Oh my god.
[Music]
We're We're approaching the
down. Oh.
Never
stop. Huh?
[Music]
Uh
Oh,
[Music]
You dormant.
Okay. So, you want to go back down.
Don't go through that door.
This one. Don't. Not yet. Go back
down to the area that like had the piles
of dust in
[Music]
it. Yeah. Down.
Now you want to get caught by that pink
spotlight.
[Music]
Yes, cheater.
You're headed nowhere.
You're an idiot.
Okay, now you see that
game. Can't talk to him.
[Music]
Exit the game. Check your
inventory. Key items.
trip
[Music]
ticket. Now, this next part is kind of
obtuse. Uh, you want to go back to where
the the little froggy guy was, the the
frog monster that you fight, the dirty
one.
I leave now. Yeah. Yeah.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
Okay. That's That's sweet.
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm still going the right way, right?
Uh
[Music]
yeah. Yep. This room.
Now go into act and see the little red X
next to uh press
left.
Oh,
[Music]
okay.
Okay. Why are we lighting her?
I don't know.
[Music]
Man country.
back again.
[Music]
What
I don't know.
[Music]
Okay. No.
No. Yes.
[Music]
Yes. Yes.
I have all of that written down. I don't
know what it means yet. probably
something to do with the next chapters
probably.
Wait, do I say yes to that?
Yeah, cuz I have a random and I'll share
it with you if you need it.
[Music]
Yes.
Okay, darken her. Now
[Music]
you I don't know what any of this means.
Uh if you answer wrong to any of the
questions, the reason I was giving you
the answers is he just disappears and
you don't get the egg.
Ah.
Anyway, now you uh want to go back to
the special room.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
I don't like
anything. Ah.
Ah. You're fine. It's normal.
[Music]
Okay.
Why are they here with me?
Oh, you know
what's that key?
That's the shelter key you got last. Oh,
right. You don't have a sword.
[Music]
Huh?
Oh, to level three now.
green.
and
greener. Sure.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
break. Oh yeah.
[Music]
Hello.
spammed.
Uh oh.
Ah.
[Music]
Huh?
[__] Heat.
Holy [__]
Maybe I shouldn't try taking Tanking
every shot.
[Music]
I don't really know how to read the
telegraph on that other than stand far
away and in a corner,
but
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
I can't read
it. Damn
though. How'd I get so far in the first
one?
That's how it goes sometimes.
This took me
like oh quite a while to beat,
but it's
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[__] Holy [__]
What the
[__] Noel, I could really use your uh
snow grave right
now. Don't
say. Is this the secret boss?
I can't
[Music]
believe it's these like corner like
obstacles that make it harder.
I have to play those Dark Souls and be
satisfied with one
hit. Heat.
[Music]
Heat.
Heat. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
How How do you [__] do that in such a
tight ass corner?
Uh, is that a genuine question or
rhetorical one? Rhetorical. Okay.
Have this [__] insane.
[Music]
Oh my god.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
That was a cheap shot. There's nowhere
for me to go.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Hey,
heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
What? This so
[__] where I killed Toby
Fox. Heat. Heat.
What? I don't even know how that can be
here.
[Music]
Stop. [__]
Okay, this move that never ends.
There you go.
You took much less time than I did.
[Music]
Okay.
Okay. Also, where's the character?
So, you know how I said kind of
Oh.
[Music]
But on the bright side, you don't have
to do any more obscure puzzle stuff. You
can just keep
playing. It'll happen.
[Music]
Ralph is becoming a gamer. Wait, am I
going in here or somewhere else?
Uh, you're going back to the green room
and through the door with that had the
tape on it before that one. Yeah.
[Music]
Stop. Hold no.
Uh, death.
[Music]
That's up.
Up
[Music]
up up.
Up down
up down up up down up up down up up down
up up down up up down up up down up up
down up up up up up up up up up up up up
up up up up up up up up up up up up up
up up
up up up up up up up up down up up up up
up up up up up up up up up up up up up
up up up
[Music]
X P V.
Double
no
[Music]
Hold on. Hold on. Hold
on. down.
[Music]
How a bungado.
Stop. Get
down.
Hold on. Hold on.
[Music]
Don't
Stop.
[Music]
down. Down.
Stop.
[Music]
Get
Shut up.
[Music]
Stop. Oh no.
Up down
[Music]
Over.
Hold
down no
down.
Hold up. Hold on.
[Music]
Down no
up.
[Music]
Up. Oh [__] I'm getting waxed.
Wait, did I die yet? I didn't die to
this boss.
Okay.
What? They were in little screeature
outfits. Yeah.
I'm
shrinking. Oh, tiny pathetic little man.
That speech.
[Music]
the hope
meter. Oh, a little animation.
[Applause]
[Music]
Okay, very important. Don't follow him.
Go the other way and save.
That was my instinct anyway. But
yeah, I just wanted to make sure cuz
something happens. Where do I do I go
back or do now? No, now you can go
towards TA. Okay.
Just you want to save point after his
fight for sure.
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh.
Uh please.
sick. biggest [__] bizarre. Wait,
that's the night. Yep.
So, it's so cool.
It's so [__]
cool. Oh,
whoa. Well, that's a [__] cool
attack. Yeah.
So, fun thing. This is the fight I was
doing when I said I was doing something
at the end of chapter 3. Yeah. That I
gave up on. Yeah. For the time being,
it's very sesque.
Okay.
So, you can decide for yourself whether
you want to
Oh, Ry's dead.
Yeah,
is dead at 999 seconds. Yeah, I noticed
this.
[Music]
Now, if you want, what you can do here
is quit out of the game and uh go reload
your save and then something fun happens
when you fight it
again. Uh
yeah, so the knight is the real secret
boss. You need to get the shadow mantle
to even stand a chance though. This the
[Applause]
thing is
P. Well, Dish's beaten it, so
[Music]
[Applause]
by fire. Heat. Heat.
man.
I I think what's tough about this is how
long the cut scene takes.
Yeah, it maybe I'm misremembering.
There should be a point where it just
restarts you at the very beginning of
the fight itself.
Should I try and progress the dialogue
first? Maybe a little bit more. Yeah.
Undy. Undying.
[Music]
So, I'll try restarting
now. So, I think if I get just to learn
the attack patterns, I can probably
Yeah, I got like decently far, I think,
but I I was just getting tired from
chapter 4 to get out of spoiler
territory. Yeah.
[Music]
It is not starting me.
Okay. And you might need to see this all
play out to the very end of the chapter
and then come back. That makes sense.
Sorry, my memories. I've been playing a
lot today, so No, it's okay. Yeah.
[Music]
[Applause]
I don't even see it as cringe at all.
Just like the design's really cool. I
don't know what's cringe about it. Yeah.
[Music]
I really do want to do this fight. It
just takes so long to get to it.
[Music]
Mhm. Like that attack's pretty easy.
I figured that one out, too. So, it's
like
Oh, what a [__] cool attack.
Yeah, that's nut. That was nuts. I love
that. This one's also sick. Yeah. What
the
[__] Like, we waited this long for the
night and it's it's sick as [__] And
I'm just like, [__] yeah. Yeah.
[Music]
Oh, come on now.
So wait, should I should I keep playing
this out or should I keep restarting
from where I have been? If anyone knows,
try keep if anyone else knows. As far as
if I can remember correctly, it's you
see it to the end and then you come back
and reload your save after you've done
that. So Chris isn't the knight.
I thought I had the shadow mantle
[Music]
equipped. Yeah, I have the shadow mantle
equipped.
Yeah, that's why you're not just getting
completely annihilated for some attack.
Hey, that's the texture in the
background, by the way.
Sure is.
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh, of course. Of course. We're going
down here. Uh-huh.
[Music]
Ah.
Huh? Huh?
You
[Music]
[__] What do you
mean? You [__]
[__] You [__] [__] Toby [__]
I'm going to kill
you. Chapter selected.
[Music]
Yeah, the last the
like the last bit this whole chapter is
like insane for one that Toby said
wouldn't have a lot of plot in it.
Well, that worries
me cuz what is considered a lot of plot
to him? Uh-huh.
[Music]
Oh, here we are again.
[Applause]
[Music]
Is there a purpose to
defeating or to surviving?
I don't know cuz the ending is the same
at least from this chapter on, right?
Yeah.
But it might change like
later. Mhm.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
Yeah. And this is why I opted to like
copy my fade to the second slot and move
forward. and like I'll come back to the
video. It turns out this is something
that people
I have a really hard time seeing that
move.
[Music]
Oh, that doesn't do anything anymore.
Yeah, it becomes one of those where you
just have to
wait
survive.
Huh? There we go.
[Music]
Okay, got it. Yeah, and that'll happen
from now on.
And the screen
here, I believe. Well, we'll see how
long this
[Music]
takes. Heat.
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
That move can be really [__] hard to
[Music]
see.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
the Suzy
dialogue.
Heat. Heat.
dies.
dice. You've already gotten further than
[Music]
How did I survive that? What the hell?
Relax. Oh, my favorite one.
[Music]
I'm getting I'm getting the hang of it
though. I was doing it. I definitely
didn't feel like it was impressive. I
just felt like it was taking too long.
Yeah, I get
it. Heat.
Heat. Heat. Heat.
I just can't see that
one. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Okay. I know I could do this.
I think I really have to learn that
telegraph for Okay, well, I already
[__] up
there. I have to learn the telegraph
for not this one,
but the next
[Music]
one
Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat. Heat.
And also that sword one is
[Music]
like really really hard to
see. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
Heat. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
When does that fire attack? I swear to
God, I'm outside of the hit box, but
whatever. Yes, Gastra.
was so funny. That's just non Gastra at
the end of
everything. Heat.
Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
I wonder if I should be closer to the
center rather than further.
[Music]
I didn't take a single hit on that
one.
Crazy. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
The world revolves around you. Thanks
Really? Oh my
god. Okay, I was doing pretty
well. Practice makes perfect.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
that like I was out of the hit box. I
swear I
was
going Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
Oh, come on,
[Music]
man. I got to
go. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
I Like, how was I in the hit
box? Okay.
[Music]
just when like I understand how I died
there. Like when the laser thing
happens, how
does how how is that in the hit box?
Like I swear I'm missing the hitbox
every single time. Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat. Heat.
Also this move as well. I
don't I don't know man.
[Music]
Just that sword that whole sword
move feels like very unbalanced. I don't
know how to telegraph that whatsoever.
[Music]
Yeah, this
whole
situation is like stupid. And I Okay,
well, I was and I I got hit that time,
but
[Music]
Okay.
Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
Most of the stream dedicated to just
this one fight. I feel like it would be
easier if I were on controller.
[Music]
Oh, wait. I should just go towards the
edge of the screen. I'm so
stupid. But then there's that move
again. It's like, what do I even do?
Okay, I'll figure it out.
[Music]
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
Yeah, [__] I was all Suzie was all I
had left. Okay, I figured out the first
sword phase at least a little bit except
for the crossfire moment,
[Music]
but this is all totally doable. Heat.
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
Heat. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
Heat. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Man, I was so I feel like I was really
close. I I feel like I was really close.
Okay. Well, that makes the earlier
sections child's play.
though. Oh my
hooves. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
I was like not in the hit box. Y'all
[__] saw that.
out. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
I'm really wondering if I should switch
to
controller. My hooves are
hurting from this arrow key business.
[Music]
Heat.
Heat. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
Okay.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
wasn't in the hit
box.
[Music]
Heat.
Heat. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
wasn't in the hit box.
It's re It's genuinely just that sword
move where the hitbox makes no [__]
sense for both phases of it.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat. Heat.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Why does it feel like the amount of
times that that thing hits is different
each
time? Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
If he miss like one of those, the entire
rhythm gets [__] up.
[Music]
Heat.
Heat. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Thanks. Nothing.
wasn't in the head
box.
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
You got to be [__] kidding me, dude.
I got so [__] far.
And for what? How how how long is this
[__]
thing? I already exhausted Suz's
dialogue. Daddy said, "Are you sure the
fight is like progressing?"
Well, what would I do?
I'm going to
throw. I like [__] that up really bad.
Look at those reading chat. Double like
final attack. Final attack at the end.
[Music]
if I have
revisement. Yeah, you have to attack.
Let me
Let me see if I can reload the save and
buy
[__] I was like kind of adamant of
being like, "Oh, I should like just
[__] get
[Music]
[Applause]
good. I shouldn't need the healing
items. I should just get good at the
game
[Music]
instead.
I'll just fight.
[Music]
Hey, hey,
Okay, I guess that's something.
[Music]
be a rude buster.
[Applause]
[Music]
Welcome.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Oh, but that doesn't hit get hit. Okay,
makes sense.
[Music]
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat. Heat.
Yeah. Missing one of those [__]
gasser blaster looking ass things.
Really? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yes. Yes, indeed. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yama.
Yavage. Okay, let's item manage better.
[Music]
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Heat.
Heat. All
right.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Copy the ID.
Okay.
Heat up
[Music]
there. Heat. Heat.
I [__] hate that move, too. I don't
even know what to do with
[Music]
that. Heat.
Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
All righty.
[Music]
Everything.
I was like so not that shouldn't have
hit me
here.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
Yeah. I don't I don't know what I'm
doing,
man. It feels like so much of this is
telegraphed so poorly.
[Music]
Heat.
Heat. Heat. Heat.
Hello.
[Music]
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
Heat. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
It's getting less and less fun to play
[Music]
this.
Heat. Heat.
Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat. Heat.
Mhm.
Let's go.
[Music]
Man, what am I [__] doing? [__]
sucks, man. It's not fun at all.
Not even that last thing again. It's
like the sword and the diamonds thing
are so like
shitty telegraph that like it doesn't
even feel worth
[Music]
it. The rest of this I can mildly
understand. But like when it comes to
this
one and then this thing
Perfect.
[Music]
Like that one feels almost entirely like
luck if you get like good placement or
not.
[Music]
Like that one was that one's tough, but
I understand it.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
I don't
know. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Get
our
heat. Heat.
[Music]
Heat.
Heat. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
pretty
behind us.
[Music]
Like what am I doing wrong? Said hi.
I'm like so confused. Bishb crush said
he
I just got so far all the dialogue stuff
you could delete. I felt like nothing
was
changing. I don't know what I'm doing
[Music]
wrong said
I have to be attacking.
Yeah. Yes.
So, I don't really want to attack, but
okay. I was saying that a while ago.
Sorry.
Okay. Like, I for sure have to do D. I
for sure have to attack.
Fishb Crush said mostly Sie has to rule
the booster. Okay.
[Music]
I almost did no hit on that [__]
[__]
[Music]
I
So, I've basically been suffering for no
reason for like 2
hours. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
the other.
Why I do
that? Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
Heat.
[Music]
Purple. There is a purple.
Okay.
[Music]
So
yeah, the old situation
[Music]
Now that's some actual bullet hell
[__] Yay. Are you like [__] kidding
me that like I win the first time
someone says just spam rude buster?
Literally the first time. I said that's
before.
I didn't say it.
You read it out loud. I must have
forgotten.
Yeah. And you like scuffed. Or at least
I took it that way.
I was probably just like
thinking I didn't want to attack cuz
pacifists run stuff.
But my
hooge Yeah, I must have I must have
forgotten. I've been so frazzled by this
fight.
[Music]
Okay. Ah.
And somehow that fight is not harder
than Sans.
[Music]
Now he said Use the control.
up. Heat.
[Music]
the pain of my
life. I should have just taken the rude
buster info
earlier. I was like, there's no way
[Music]
The pine tree badge delter.
Okay. How long was was I just during the
night fight?
[Music]
2 hours on the night fight. Which is
funny cuz like the actual fight itself
only takes like what 15 minutes, 10
minutes. It probably feels longer than
it
[Music]
was. Oh
man, if I if I had internalized earlier
the Rude Buster thing, that would have
gone so much faster cuz I got I had all
the patterns down even with the [__]
diamond thing.
Daddy said, "Zori, I eventually got used
to the gastra blaster, whatever the [__]
that is, thing or the sword thing,
uh, and the weird hit boxes and that. I
still could not [__] figure out the
latest stage diamond one. That one
sucked ass.
[Music]
Okay, we're just there.
Okay, that
was I was supposed to say that was
Fortnite. That was Delta Run for seven,
eight hours.
Uh, I might put on some Minecraft for a
little bit before I get off stream, but
I need to be right back really quickly
cuz
uh I'm like hungry and I I have to
like I have to take the
world's universally fattest piss in the
whole
universe. So, be right back.
tell you a special story. You
would come on up
[Music]
here. Let me see.
I think I'm
a
little. I can't sleep at
night. I can't use the
pain. That's not their own. So we live
we
make search for better.
[Music]
I
feel in the
win amongst my
[Music]
fear. I'm a little less on my own, but
nothing without you.
[Music]
Pinch. Heat. Heat. N.
Heat. Hey, Heat.
[Music]
I
got no la
[Music]
Good morning.
I come back to super party role playing.
Those are
crazy. Nice. Still only an extra 4 hours
needed for this to be the longest stream
to date. What is my longest stream? I
don't remember.
My stamina for streaming has been going
down recently. Um, but for the sake of
Delta
Rude, we're all
[__]
Um, oh my god. Let's back up
here over 11
hours. Start watching over four hours
ago. stream is almost eight
hours. Did I do 11 hours? I must have
streamed 11 hours
once. Been getting
um some things happening in my Minecraft
universe world.
Show them how
we like I I the moment you said that I
felt the presence behind me.
Um yeah, I guess Stardust
uh built a really nice character
and person
like in front of my house blocking all
of the sun.
Zuri. That wasn't intentional. I saw a
spot that like was near spawn and like
hadn't been taken over by anything yet
and was like, I'm going to build
there from Pilford. Will they have a
face off?
So, really quickly, guys, what are you
going to do when the when night the
night theme starts transitioning into
bone trous? It's not [__] papyrus.
What are you talking about?
play chapter 4 before you start spouting
your theories.
Is the night revealed in chapter 4? No.
No. I'm not going to elaborate any
further than that. Well, at least not as
far as I've gotten. I'm like halfway
through. Oh, okay. The Pillford the
twist end boss.
Mhm. No, it's funny cuz um what was it?
Not Tenna, but the other one.
Mike. Uhuh. The ice ball one. The ice
ball. Oh. Uh, Sha. Yeah, Sha. Sha's
like, that's kind of [__] pilford. I
think if the night is death, I might
kill
myself. Like full transparency. That
that might be what gets me to finally do
it. No, no pressure, everybody.
People who hate me really badly. Oh my
god. I need to talk to Toby Fox really
quickly.
I mean, if you look at the night's
design, does kind of look like it has
antlers. Who Who am I right now? Who am
I right now? I
can't uh go ahead. Mhm.
I'm going to not say anything else
because I can't say anything else
without
discussing things that happen.
Google, I need to talk to Fox.
[Music]
Um, yeah. I
mean to be
fair, we finally saw
death as a
shadow, but we saw death. That's our
first like canon look at what death
looked like. That's flow except probably
like 10 plus years into the past or
whatever it was. Mhm. Um just watching
Tenna, etc.
Uh, man, I have so many questions.
What's weird to me is the Eggman
suddenly being so talkative
way more than before. I'm fascinated by
that cuz like the mystery is like sort
of disintegrating.
Or is it?
It kind of is getting thicker cuz before
we were like, "Oh, it's probably like I
don't know, Caster or something, right?"
But now it's like, "Who the [__] is
this?"
Yeah, I remember the theories
when the the theories when um chapter 2
ended. I remember chapter 2, everyone
thought that the next the next guy was
Mike
for a little bit because of how much
spam would talk about Mike, but it was
Tenna and Mike was something. I I we
still don't even know what Mike the [__]
is except from from chapter 3 at least.
Your stun silence is very reassuring.
Mhm. Okay. Well,
I mean, I don't
know what Mike is either.
There's a big asterisk next to that,
though. Mhm.
Um, so anyway, what if death is Papyrus
though?
You're insane.
Not really. Daddy said like, "Okay,
oh my god." Wait,
that's like the the Sans of Steven
universe after not surviving or
whatever. I I'm kind of matt patting it
up right now. Yeah, hold on. I'm going
to name my parrot.
You should name it December. Okay,
[Applause]
that's not how you spell it, but okay.
Wait, what did I spell?
Ultra [__] Ultra [__]
I'm still looking for
cuz like [__] dentist Jones is here.
Papyrus after not
surviving. Sure.
Um anyway,
uh this is the world I've been
building. There's some very exciting
things going. First of all, this is
Clarinet. Everyone say hi to Clarinet.
She's a little shy right now.
Hi.
She's really
chill. This is Nancy. This is her house.
You know, she was really preferring that
corner for a while. Now she's chosen
this corner.
Where's her wife? There's her wife.
Don't worry about Grace, but there's her
wife.
Yay.
And then this is Lististerian's working
place. She's hard at work, as you can
see.
Very
nice. I was going to build the weird
devices next.
I probably need to go get a bunch more
deep
slate and
stone.
Yeah. The thing is with the the kind of
FNAF comparison is that Toby
Fox usually gets things to make sense by
the end.
Toby Fox plans things out more from the
beginning. The thing is flying by the
CW.
Yeah. I mean, you have to think of it
this way. Delta Rune was already
conceptualized before Undertale. Mhm.
This was the original story. And Five
Nights at Freddy's is only meant to be
one game. Yeah, they just keep
bullshitting.
Um, it's called a
road, but
I I wish I had known uh the Rude Buster
thing, but at the same
time, I'm like, at least I got my hooves
warmed up again for bullet hell
[__]
Should we name all of these?
They're pins.
Oh, everyone
likes. Oh, wait. Baddy, let's fight.
What? Let's go to the batty arena.
Baba. Baba.
Hold on.
Oh yeah, I forgot pin row. The
words. Okay. And what's all this then?
Want the room?
Okay. Well, my first thought is Bean
must have done it.
Well, tomorrow slash today will
continue chapter 4 and that will
probably ruin my life. Hello,
buddy. Crash into the
towers. Crash into the towers. I'm going
to die in real. No, you're fine.
All right, I should talk. I'm I'm
thinking about my Subway boyfriend right
now.
The lore is that
like I go to Subway very often cuz it's
like
cheap
and I've gotten to know several
employees at the place I go
to and there's this one guy who is like
been working there quite a bit
now and
He knows my [__]
order. If he sees me outside, he will
like just start it. And now it's like
harder for me to like ask for a
different sandwich because I don't
always get the same thing every time.
But now I'm locked into having the same
one
because because he's just making it
before I walk in.
And I haven't been there in like a week
or
two.
And in my mind, whenever I'm like away,
whenever I'm not going to Subway, I'm
like, I wonder if he thinks about
me. I wonder like where where where. I'm
like I'm right
here. This one's going in the scrapbook.
Hello. How are you like doing damage to
me? Oh, true. You win cuz you knocked me
out of it.
Well, what if I said this? How bad? What
if I said
this? Oh, I win
now.
Yeah.
Yes. In the land of
donuts,
relax. If you can hear the sound of my
voice, clap
once. If you hear the sound of my voice,
clap
twice. So, today we have a substitute
teacher.
Mrs. Puff,
everyone cover your ears.
[Music]
I feel like my brain is melting.
You can
I went bad.
Well, oh god, I forgot about it. It made
a [__]
gross that you can see from the
map. I'm just not a fan. I don't know
why we're doing this.
omnisient. Gross.
I wanted to see about getting swift
sneak,
but it's kind of loopy a little bit with
my
level. I accidentally [__] up my
pants, so
I wasted a ton of levels and a ton of
pants. Oh, it's
just I'll go find a big fat cave
somewhere. I'm going to go
here. None of that part of the map
filled in yet. There's a crazy best
friends on the
horizon. And now that I'm
done with chapter 3, hopefully chapter 4
comes naturally to
me. I wonder if Dashi's continued this
rainbow moment. I don't think
so.
Yeah. Could be very wonderful at some
time, though.
oldest
business. Hello,
Dishy. How did you forget about your
rainbow business?
Oh, holy
flip. Dishy, you're going to move the
whole ass
bridge. Whole ass
bridge. Okay, that's
fine. Are you sure you can't just make a
new one? I think I would miss the the
current
one. I've gotten so used to seeing
it. You have the block
duplicator. You have the
device. Surely this is no no trivial
pursuit.
[Music]
tried the broken script. I don't know
what that
is. That said, is a horror mud.
or Minecraft.
Yeah. Yeah.
I think it's cool, but I don't know if
you would like.
What makes it a horror mod?
Also,
uh I am like
extremely pleased to say
that every song on Love and Pony Step
has a demo
now. And so now it's just a matter of
like going through my notes and making
sure I do everything I want to do with
the songs and just going through and
finishing the ones that haven't been
finished
yet.
[Music]
Um, some of the songs need a little bit
more attention than the others.
[Music]
Uh, I did a little bit of a calculation
as to how long it would take me to
finish the album, and I'm already ahead
of schedule because I gave myself like a
week to play Delta Rune. I'm probably
going to finish it tomorrow instead of
five, six days from now. So,
um, and I gave myself a pretty generous
estimate for some of the other
songs.
Um, [__]
Uh, nobody should take this as
like
confirmation or
anything,
but what I intend
for is to finish the album before the
end of the month. I'll have it finished
before the end of the
month. First single will release before
the end of the month.
second single a week later, album
release a week after
that. That's what my intention
is. I still have a lot of work to
do. Um,
but things are looking really good.
I was like really intimidated about
starting the final demo and it went
really smoothly and now it's not
something I have to worry about
anymore.
Um, one caveat that I'm experiencing
right now is
that my notes app is not syncing between
my phone and computer, which is kind of
crucial.
So, I need to problem solve that
because if I'm in bed or if I'm out or
if I'm busy, I write stuff that needs to
happen on my phone and that's things on
my computer. And right now, those two
things are not working. And if there's
file discrepancies, they it starts to
like make you be like, "Oh, there's two
different files. We" And it doesn't have
a merge option or anything. So, it's
like
whatever. Why are there so many
creatures here?
What's crazy is I have so much stuff I
need to listen
to that I haven't been listening to cuz
I've been working on music rather than
listening to
music. I have the [__]
uh I have that Sheerling album. I have
the Swans
album. Um I'm definitely going to listen
to the Miley Cyrus.
Uh, I've already forgotten of what
what's on my
queue. Do it.
I think realistically love and pony step
has taken
about how I don't even know how long
I've been working on love and pony step
by by technicality some demos date back
to a year or two ago but most of the
work has been since like February of
this year I want to say
I love this lighting error that the
shaders give me. I'm thinking that
it's all that bright in here.
[Music]
The thing is as well as like Love and
Pony Step was supposed to be like low
stakes album that I was just making to
be chill and stuff and like I should
expect this for myself at this point cuz
that's happens to so many things I do.
But as I worked on it, it just grew and
grew and grew
monolithically in every direction. The
story got more complicated. The music
got more way more
complicated. Uh the overall concept got
way more complicated. The art budget
expanded to be enormous.
Um, just the music video we're doing is
more expensive than some of the albums
I've done in budget. Just just a music
video by
itself.
Like it went from being the album that I
wanted to do to like chill out from
Monarch to being
like I would say as ambitious in as
Monarch but just in a completely
different direction.
[Music]
Yeah, calling it a mixtape really helped
me not go crazy on it. And what's funny
is like I really love Paradise Valley.
It's also the project of mine that I
listen to mo the most to in a casual
way. It's really good for that purpose.
And I feel like call like sitting down
and being like, "Oh, it's a mixtape."
And like just letting my ideas sort
of a little hesitant there. Letting my
ideas run free with it and not have to
worry so much about a grand concept was
like very helpful to just get the thing
done. It only took a few months if even.
Um,
but if my math is correct, 11 Pony Staff
is going to be the longest album I've
done since Fairy Tales.
I mean, a lot of this is in service to
be able to do promise complex
next
cuz I'm basically going through and
wrapping up all of the projects I've had
in my
queue. And I'm also going to make sure
that cuz I'm expecting Promise Complex
to take some
time. So, I've also been making sure
that even after Love and Pony Step,
there's going to be like some
stuff that I can be releasing while
uh while I'm working on the Promise
Complex stuff. I'm just wrapping up all
these projects so we have like a a solid
body of stuff to uh to share and enjoy.
There are like three other projects or
more of uh stuff outside of Love and
Pony Step that I want to have done
before I start working on Promise
Complex. And they're all things I've
been working on
periodically. So, it's
like they haven't been
super No, it's not going to be longer
than Fairy Tales. It's going to be the
longest album I've done since Fairy
Tale.
Sounds like a
spawner
potentially. I need deep sight anyway.
Where
is heat?
basically after I finish Delta and I'm
just going to
like just be
doing Love and Pony Step
stuff. Then once the album's finished, I
have a bunch of stuff
to to prepare for the release and
whatnot. And I have to do
like all the master stuff and cataloging
and getting it ready.
Um, I also bought two domain
names for this album promotion cycle,
which is
fun. I'll uh I'll push those out more
once I've gotten them all set up
properly. Very fun.
Where's my Gangum style house of
blues? You know what's funny is I
actually had a a Delta song I was
working on
in
2021. Never really finished it.
I probably won't either. I'm not like
really into it anymore. The song I mean
Delta that's different.
Uh, I like hardcore art style
indistinctly. Like, I couldn't name
artists or anything. I enjoy hearing it
sometimes. I enjoy making it more than I
enjoy listening to
it. That's the case with a lot of like
different music I make
sometimes cuz I'll enjoy making
something and listening to something I
made rather than
enjoying the actual thing. I'm
studying hard style, hardcore, raw
style, gabber, even little stuff like
that. I see a trial chamber. Should I do
that?
Get that trial
chamber. I was coming here to get deep
slate,
but it is what it is.
Does anyone remember when I streamed 11
hours what I was even doing for 11
hours?
like a bunch of Halflife. That would
make
sense. Yeah. Yeah. Half life would do
that. I just finished another Halfife
Halfife 2
playthrough just yesterday or the day
before. I think it was yesterday.
Who and why? Moonlight Glow.
[Applause]
Hello, Bean. Are you here to do some
tricks?
Let me
know. God, I forgot cadencier is the on
lamp.
What? What? What?
Relax. Good lord.
Good
lord. Wait, why is this lava pool like a
little teacup short and short and stout
type
[__] When is Monarch 4
Monarch 4 happens as soon as you tell me
what your weird device
does. No, I don't.
No, I literally do not even know in my
heart.
Fire.
Naming my kid Animal Crossing: Wild
World. You're not doing that, Bean.
Okay, she's doing
that. I think this place has already
been looted. There's no [__]
barrels. And there's that
situation. And there's stuff
missing. Oh, seen my rusty horseshoe.
Daddy said Baba
Baba Baba world of this paradise that we
live
in. Right little boomling. Okay.
A spawner inside of a trial
chamber. What the deuce?
Daddy, do we not live in the society of
this
earth? Batty is just stunned by my
words. Danny said G.
Hi, July 18 marks 11 years. Cadence win
people who had near-death experience
ever saw Cadence and see her as like
Jesus and paint pictures of her and
[__]
I don't even know what you just said.
Like I said, this is all
happening. Oh, we're halfway there.
Oh, daddy on a
chair. Danny said, "Okay."
I'm
the
internet
[Music]
gigu didn't mean to eat your
fries. Sometimes wish I'd never had
ordered a burger.
Meow. No.
Okay. Welcome to Baba Life. There's so
much to see.
If I didn't know, I died. Yes, I did. I
didn't say that.
Burger Burger Town.
Okay. The beautiful town of
life. I eat burger. So
yeah. So yeah.
Relax liberal. Relax
liberal. Baba baba baba
baba world.
What are you
doing? What are you doing?
I think that's terine.
Not really.
Yeah.
Right. But like why bean?
Yeah, that's
[Music]
fair. Thank you.
Daddy said why it's so
magical music.
This loving pony stuff go hard. Yes or
nay. See what I did there?
Okay, relax, batty.
You're literally the baba of this earth.
There's no reason to be so
no reason to be so rude. Maddie,
look. I'm
kind. Okay,
then.
No, no,
no.
Relax. Bring her back.
You did die.
My hat.
I
[Music]
am crying.
I am
[Music]
here.
Here I
am. Grant thy baba strength.
Daddy said
thanks,
Daddy. I'm convinced you're going to
grow bigger than ever before.
I'm so big. You're growing. Remember?
I can't grow anymore.
Yes.
You're
growing. Hey,
think about
it. I'm thinking about it.
Baba do.
Are you having
fun? Are you having fun?
You're playing
Batty cake. Batty cake.
Daddy said want that
you want it.
You're batty cake.
Okay,
I'm right. Why are you booing me?
I'm nuts.
You're You're nuts.
No.
Okay.
Said be so kind to Ro.
I'm the kindest.
Daddy said what I do. What I do?
No. Yes.
It's It really has a lot to do with the
huggeeness of it all.
I'm so big. You're growing.
My girl. What are your thoughts on
people getting your art inspired by
uh your albums tattooed? I mean, people
do
that relatively often, so I mean I think
it's
cool. That's the thing
about getting tattoos of
like Oh my god, I forgot I had my elytra
off, but the water saved me.
[Music]
The thing about getting tattoos related
to like music and people is it's like
that's stuff that it can change, you
know, about your life. And so in my
mind, it's
like you definitely got to want to
like be certain that's something you
want when it comes to like music or
That's the main thing.
Yeah. What if I turn
woke? What if I start
like allowing people to have like human
rights and
stuff and having like basic decency
towards other people and that
stuff? [__] I should have
lied. Steveals Chris. Relax.
Daddy said okay.
Okay.
jockey. You know what I'm noticing is
like right-wing grifters are starting to
just target everything. It's not even
just
like not even just like people who are
not extreme right-wingers. That's like
they're targeting like anything and
anything. I was seeing uh
like posts about the Magnus Carlson game
that got played and I saw like
right-wing grifters being like, "Why
does chess matter at Grock? Why does
chess matter at Grock? Why should we
treat these people like normal human
beings at Grock? Why is chess so
important to people?" Like,
okay, you're you just hate everything
now.
There isn't a line you're going to draw.
It's just
like Grock, why am I so unloved? I feel
like they probably do ask that question
from time to time, but they they they
keep that in the
DMs. Also, high peace
I'm releasing my grift sona into the
world soon is certainly a sentence
you're allowed to say.
[__]
bug.
Bug. Shout out bug. Shout out Baddy.
Shout out Moonlight. Shout out Peace
Taker. Bug but my friend.
Shout out every
row. Um, it's
like I just want to know what it feels
like. I mean, I don't want to know what
it feels like, but I want to know how
these people are able to
like survive on the fumes of just hating
everything around them. Like, doesn't
that just sound
exhausting? I'm trying to like imagine
what it's like to live daytoday just
like looking at everything and just
getting mad constantly.
Like I feel like the best advice you
could ever have as a person is like if
you don't like something, just do
something
else. The more you engage with stuff
that you assumingly dislike, I don't
know, it just makes you more upset. But
I don't feel like it's about that. I
feel like it's just
a superiority complex turned to disease.
It's
spreading. Bug bug is the night.
I mean, after the conversation we're
having, like death being the night is
probably the case and that's like going
to like it. That's going to ruin my
life. Death being the night is actually
going to ruin my life.
I I don't like it. The evidence is
pretty
strong, especially with the
foreshadowing that we just
had. Like that [__] that's I'm gonna
die. That's going to ruin my life if
it's
true. It could still be Alvin. There's
no [__] way it's
Alvin. Cuz I know why people would think
it's Alvin because of Garrison, but
The night is Woody. Stop. Stop with the
Woody
theory. You sound
insane. Do
it. Yeah. If it's if it's death, that
like
will be maybe the most painful thing
I've ever experienced in a video game
like period.
Yes,
it isn't even hard to
like conclude that in my
opinion fan insane is an oxymoron. This
is true.
playing a Minecraft like a game. I hope
it was 3D blocks for the iPod 3D
Nano. I don't know what device I just
named, but it's called the iPod 3D Nano.
Now, I think I was trying to say iPod
touch and then specify like a
generation, but that's just the sentence
that came out.
iPad Nano. It's just it's his
iPhone. I mean, I still have tomorrow
slash today. We're going to continue
with chapter 4. And I'm
like going through it quite a bit. Going
through it quite a bit.
Daddy said I'm so scared of chapter 4.
Yeah.
And
also
the
Dylan the parental control. I'm thinking
about this now. The parental controls
that we had to bypass in chapter 3. The
first code was 213 and the second one
was 1225. Second one's obviously
December 25th, Christmas.
Um, where would 213 be? It's February
13th. Doesn't necessarily have to be a
date,
but What
about 328? That's what I That's what I
called uh Chris for
Tenna's thing.
February 13th. That's almost Valentine's
Day, isn't it? February 14th is
Valentine's Day if I'm not stupid.
Oh, I made it back up
here. Yeah, I just finished playing
chapter 3. Bug. Chapter 4 is tomorrow
slash today.
It's technically today, but tomorrow on
my mind cuz I sleep.
9 hour stream, by the
way. I probably won't go to 11 hours to
break the record, but pretty big. Pretty
big stream.
Um,
Fire.
Also, you know what else I've been
thinking about
is how in the special
room in the game
where Tenna is talking about
um Spamptonton
presumably and how when
Spamton picked up the
phone, how Spamptonton's uh face turned
quote unquote pale gray
And that's reminding me of the goner
NPCs from the Gastra secrets in
Undertale.
Now, what I'm thinking
about now that I'm here in my mind
is the bunker
symbols. You have police badge, pine
tree, and the delta rune.
Pine
tree. I I didn't quite understand what
pine tree was made to be referencing at
first, but now that I thought about it,
pine tree is like, well, that's a common
the common tree you're using for a
Christmas tree, right?
Daddy said yes. Yeah.
When in my mind's eye, I'm
like, I feel like I understand what
these things are referencing, but why
are they referencing them is another
another
thing. That feels like a question I
can't
answer. Dylan
Do
it. Do it. Do it.
Oh, what the hell? I'll get the [__]
in. I'll get the gold.
But a police badge. That's surely that's
undying.
And then the delta room. And I was like,
well, that's kind of
vague. Why would they be on a control
panel for the bunker is like a question
I have.
Okay, bug carry you.
Bug
behave good.
Yeah, I was thinking about Alvin or
Garrison,
but it's like so many
characters feel like they relate to the
Delta
Rune. The dreamers are are like prime
suspect number one because Toriel is
always dressed the way that she is in
the lore. And then Garrison/Alvin
because they've uh
well, they're so knowledgeable of the
world and its
things. But it still doesn't explain why
they would be why these symbols would be
on the control panel.
Like is it
because those people can access
it? Is it
because person inside wants them for
whatever reason?
Oh,
wait. I don't know. It's
like Well, okay. That was as of chapter
3 and there are three
symbols. And since Undy was just taken
into the bunker, it's
like,
well, that's a police badge reference.
That's a the police badge could be
referencing Undy. And then it's
like I don't think I would count Asgore
among the sheriff theme.
In in my mind, I'm thinking symbols
could potentially represent anyone who's
been captured and taken inside the
bunker, but it's like why would that be
displayed right on the front? And yet at
the same time, Death is missing. Pine
tree.
Uh, Undy is
missing now because of being taken in.
Uh, that's the police badge. Deloon.
Maybe Toriel was on that
list cuz the knight clearly wanted
Toriel.
That's like what do those characters
share in
common other than all being
monsters. Do we do does anyone remember
if Death was like an
Oh, do
it. Do it.
Okay. Well, then if we assume that the
symbols
represent death, Toriel/
Alvin
and Undying, those are all
adult. Oh, yeah. I think Azriel Asgore
is old.
Um, death would be a young adult, but
but like the symbols all correspond with
characters that are all adult
monsters, and Delt focuses entirely on
non adult
characters. Okay. Well, I don't need to
hear about chapter 4 cuz I haven't
played chapter 4 yet. That's what we're
doing tomorrow slash today.
I'll get to that when I get to
that. Chapter 3 didn't even let us go to
the
uh didn't even let us go to hometown.
I'm surprised to have seen the night as
early as chapter
3. I thought that would have been drawn
on for a little bit longer.
And also something is is still really
really up with
Rousey. I think everything's wrong with
Rousey and I don't trust the little
[__]
Goodbye.
Peace. I still asleep
later. I don't know if I want to do a
snow grave play
through. I'm already scared enough as it
is with the current stuff I've been
doing.
And [__] this is day one of chapter 3
and four coming out. I have no [__]
idea what people are going to find
out. And that thought terrifies me
greatly cuz I remember it took a little
bit for the original snow grave route to
be unearthed.
again. Please stop mentioning stuff
about chapter
4. I'm like not there
yet. Just like straight up.
Do it.
I just remember it took
like at least a week of
Deltaroon chapter 2 being out for people
to fully understand
Yeah, the snow grave
thing because the conditions needed to
meet it are so
specific. The tennifi was
interesting. It was very creative.
Tennis sprite work
was very fascinating.
Spider jockey.
Do it.
I probably stop streaming a few minutes.
Daddy said, "I think I'm about to go to
bed."
You're a bed, Baba.
That's what all the growing is for.
Relax.
Relax, Baba. Relax.
You
relax.
Relax. The longest of 2025. Yeah.
We'll see how long tomorrow's is cuz
we're doing
uh chapter 4 stuff.
I am so scared. Del Tarun Valley. I am
so scared. Delaroon Valley.
There.
Can't believe Woody wasn't in the game.
Relax.
Okay.
I will stop stream
here. Um, we will be
back. We will be back tomorrow slash
today to do chapter 4 and uh that's
going to be a whole
situation. So, thanks for coming and
I'll see everyone then. I'm going to
lose my [__] marbles. He said goodbye
Baba Si. Goodbye Baba Si.